welcome to HD Twitter today we're
looking to have a tells Batman legacy
action figure series we're looking at
Barbara Gordon aka Batgirl and a very
nice packaging let me just spin it
around and on the side I'm a nice side
shot illustration there of Batgirl on
the back as well also including with
this line is the classic colored Batman
and Catman so let's open up this figure
and see what she has to offer so here
she is out of packaging she's as the
same mold from the DC superheroes line
which launched before the DC classics
line same old same articulation just
different pain apps and much brighter to
yellow but no any but no dark areas
shaded in pretty solid bright yellow a
very high gloss black a little gold
there on her belt buckle they're very
unique style boots gloves before Ellen
bat spikes her mask has a little block
integrated into the front of it
very subtle pink lipstick and a very
deep red for her hair and that's that
girl and design you also get a display
base for the figure with her name right
in front that's nice bat symbol on top
sculpt it in and there's a little peg
here you match with the bottom of her
right boots
she'll be able to stand nice and
straight you'll see getting mini poster
of Detective Comics 359 the cover should
I say with batgirls first appearance the
Barbara Gordon version that's a really
nice vintage art from back in the day
articulation is the same as your
previous mold because it's the same mold
Walternate head ball hands arms swinging
out turn 360 360 bicep swivel single
jointed elbow glove can rotate 360 or
turn back rotation on the upper body no
waist articulation forward and back
rotation on the upper leg you can also
swing it out as well
single jointed knee 360 thigh rotation
and foreign and back motion on the foot
and that's articulation for that girl
final thoughts on this video definitely
one I recommend my only gripe is that
they forgot to throw in a battering for
her because her hand is actually molded
to hold one other than that this figure
is phenomenally great recoloring of an
old sculpt that still holds up to
today's standards of great design so
I'll definitely recommend this Batgirl
to you guys pick up for about 15 bucks
at your local Target Walmart Toys R Us
in the fall months of 2011 so you can
definitely pick her up and add her to
your collection so hope you guys enjoyed
this review and hit like dislike and/or
a comment and until next time we'll see
you